First version: docs (#54)
pi-top/pi-top-Python-SDK: docs/case_buttons.rst

=============================
pi-top [4] Case Buttons
=============================

> This library allows you to interact with the function button on the pi-top [4]. You can write code to respond to these buttons being pressed and released. The following code example shows two different ways of doing this.

Author: ```suggestion
This module allows you to interact with the buttons on the front of a pi-top [4]. You can write code to respond to these buttons being pressed and released. The following code example shows two different ways of doing this.
```

Author: We probably want to think about a template for all of these pages. I guess they would all be called modules?

Reviewer: yeah, modules is the right call on these pages...
